Disable validation completely when `overfit_batches>0` (#9709)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Raised an error if the `batch_size` cannot be inferred from the current batch if it contained a string or was a custom batch object ([#10541](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10541))

> - Disable validation completely when `overfit_batches > 0` ([#9709](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9709))

Reviewer: Can we also check whether docs need to be updated? They probably mention the old behaviour

Author: Solved

Author: If there is any extra info need to be stated. Left here?

Author: I can add extra info on logic change of `limit_test_batches` when `overfit_batches > 0`

Reviewer 2: There are several references to the val and test dataset in trainer.rst, debugging.rst, speed.rst and maybe otheres if you do a full search for "overfit_batches"

Reviewer 3: yeah. I'll be doing a follow-up to clean up the code a bit.

- Raised an error if the `batch_size` cannot be inferred from the current batch if it contained a string or was a custom batch object ([#10541](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10541))

> - Disable validation completely when `overfit_batches > 0` ([#9709](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9709))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The validation loop is now disabled when `overfit_batches > 0` is set in the Trainer ([#9709](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9709))
```
